hi I'm Matt Reed I'm hearing in Hawaii
for my Kona debut so I've been at really
for a good 20 years now and you know
mainly been a short course athlete for
my for most of my career and it's has
taken a long time for me to take this
step into Ironman and I did Ironman
Arizona last year and I managed to
qualify this year for for this Kona
Hawaii Ironman the biggest difference
going from shore course to long course
is the amount of training you have to do
but it's been a pleasure doing all the
long miles on my d6 bike you know it's
definitely built for triathlon and
comfort and speed it's something that is
really important for triathletes have a
super arrow triathlon style bike it's a
fantastic machine the brakes which are
behind the forks which is more
aerodynamic also the the rear brake is
enclosed into the frame to reduce the
drag as well it has a really thick body
here you know makes the bike extra
strong or especially for me being a
bigger guy so for me this year I chose
to write an oval base bar it's a new bar
that's come out kind of like the flatter
bar and it's super comfortable and
really it's quite small and it's light
and definitely definitely strong so I'm
looking forward to be able to you know
go up some of these climbs definitely
being able to put a lot of torque on the
bars the the energy here is amazing and
you know I know it's going to be a huge
challenge and I'm looking forward to the
race and especially you know riding my
Fuji six out on the course
you